# Meeting Notes

## Oct 3, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón      
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 3, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** name of scrum master here   
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, (Mamun Rashid)  

The team has decided to use React as a framework for the project. The work distribution outline found in note-8 will have to be redistributed in order to accommodate React as a framework. For the initial tasks, the team will review React tutorials and get comfortable using the program. Individual responsibilities will be assigned.

**Developer 1:** Libin Joji      
**Developer 2:** Adrián Alarcón         
**Developer 3:** Mamun Rashid      
**Developer 4:** Arooz Singh      
**Developer 5:** Fahimul Graffar      


## Oct 5, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón      
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 5, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** name of scrum master here   
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid   

The team will use a trunk-based source control strategy. The deadline for final pull requests will be on Oct. 19 at 11:59pm. Oct. 20 will be a day for peer reviews of the code and making any final adjustments if needed. The objective today is to get familiar with the design concepts from note 9 as well as begin to use React for the project. 


## Oct 12, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón      
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 12, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Libin Joji         
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, (Fahimul Graffar), Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid   

User stories will be written on a text file, where everyone can submit their own user stories as well as peer review their teammate's. The user stories we create are going to be in line with the features that will be implemented in the project. It is important for all of us to think how we, as individual users, would take advantage of the project we create, and code in order to meet that criteria.       

         
             
## Oct 16, 2023                              
**Recorded by:** Arooz Paul Singh      
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 16, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Fahimun Graffar         
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, (Mamun Rashid)   

Implementing firebase to save user credentials, working with errors faced using it.


## Oct 17, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón      
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 17, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Arooz Singh  
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, (Fahimul Graffar), (Libin Joji), Arooz Singh, (Mamun Rashid)  

At the moment, we will be working on improving the front end of the project, as well as implementing the ability to draft, edit and post reviews on the site.
User stories will be created today so that we can apply new and different features to the project. Our team members will be notified that they need to create user stories and add features from them to the backlog. The database for user credentials will not be completed on sprint 1, for this, we need to work outside of class hours to figure out the bug.


## Oct 19, 2023         

**Recorded by:** Mamun Rashid         
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 19, 2023         
**SCRUM master:** Adrián Alarcón         
**Venue:** Library         
**Source:** --         
**Time:** 10:00am-2:50pm         
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid         

README file created, kanban board updated, front end refined, backend in progress, user stories added.
Firebase was presenting some issues, but we fixed them by adjusting the code in App.js. 
Design layout had to be changed, original was too simple and wouldn't allow users to get past the login stage. After changing the front-end design, we made the project more intuitive and accessible for new users. We have implemented the user login errors appropriately. Changed the login username from email to a username chosen by the user. 

## Oct 19, 2023         

**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón         
**Notes submiited on:** Oct 19, 2023              

Final code reviews are being performed by the team so that the project is finalized. Finished the README.md file to make it accessible for instructors and updated the attributions. Team has approved the final pull requests and project is completed. 


## Oct 23, 2023         

**Recorded by:** Libin Joji     
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 23, 2023              
**Attendance:** (Adrián Alarcón), Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, (Arooz Singh), Mamun Rashid   

We have decided that Fahim will be handling session management, Mamun will be adding the rating review feature and Libin will be adding the search feature. Two additional features will be added by Adrian and Arooz, decided on a later date. 


## Oct 24, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón      
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 24, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Mamun Rashid
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, (Fahimul Graffar), (Libin Joji), (Arooz Singh), Mamun Rashid  

We started brainstorming ideas for the two additional features that will be added. So far, our strongest options are adding a sorting feature and adding titles for users during signup for further personalization. Mamun has also noticed that once the users logout from the site, they lose all of their reviews. We need to make sure that once the reviews are published, they are stored in a database so that the next time the user logs in, they are able to see all of their current and past reviews. We are considering changing the design for the site, putting all of the public reviews on one side, and the tools to create, view, or modify the user's own review on the other. This way we can keep the site organized, marking a clear separation between all public content, and the more personal user content. The features discussed have been added to the project backlog, we have started to divide the tasks. Fahim will handle the session management, Mamun will implement ratings, Libin will add the search feature, Adrián will implement the sorting feature, and Arooz will be adding the titles for the user signup. The database storing for the reviews will be a collaborative process since we need to try out different ideas to make sure it works properly. We will attempt using Firebase again, but if not possible we will try another approach. By November 9th, we will try to get most of the coding tasks done, so that the next few days we can focus on polishing the project. During our team meetings we will conduct code review before completing the final pull requests.  


## Oct 26, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón      
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 26, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Libin Joji         
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, (Fahimul Graffar), Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid   

We are in the process of constructing our UML diagram. This diagram has had to go through various changes so we want to finalize a design that incorporates a completed project. Adrián is still working through the sorting feature, and Arooz is working on the additional feature he will implement. We got the Session Management to start working, so we will keep testing it to make sure it functions properly. 


## Oct 30, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Arooz Singh      
**Notes submitted on:** Oct 30, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Libin Joji         
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** (Adrián Alarcón), Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, (Mamun Rashid)   

We discussed Python kwarguments and decorators with the team and went through concepts mentioned in the class notes.


## Nov 6, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Fahimul Graffar      
**Notes submitted on:** Nov 6, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Arooz Singh         
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** (Adrián Alarcón), Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, (Mamun Rashid)   

The code review template was uploaded by Arooz to the main branch, the Marking scheme mentioned in the course notes was observed, and the Code written by Arooz and Libin was reviewed in class and will be documented in the code reviews later.


## Nov 7, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón     
**Notes submitted on:** Nov 7, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Mamun Rashid      
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, (Fahimul Graffar), Libin Joji, (Arooz Singh), Mamun Rashid   

Some bugs were found that doesn't allow Adrián to get past the login page, and prevents Mamun from posting reviews. We need to work to fix these bugs in order to ensure that they don't happen again. Mamun was able to solve the bug by changing the ports used on the code. The process model analysis and component architecture documents are being developed using Canva. The MVC will help us visualize the way the client and server communicate, while maintaining consistency on the various network sites. This serves as an inspiration for us to design the relationship between Model, View and Controller and create an architecture that can support multiple views on multiple client host machines.
At the end of the meeting, Mamun and Adrián were able to resolve the bugs through a combination of changing the ports and correctly formatting the code so that the client can communicate efficiently with the server. 


## Nov 9, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón     
**Notes submitted on:** Nov 7, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Arooz Singh    
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid   

Final adjustments to code being made. Adrian and Mamun found a bug in the code that allows users to login despite not meeting the 8 character minimum, which Arooz is working on fixing, it has been added to the Kanban board. Mamun is currently finishing up the Rating feature. Architecture design has been completed and a visual aid will be uploaded later today. Unit testing and how to operate it have been added as well. Code for the unit tests have some bugs, so not all tests are passing, therefore we opened the isssues and are reviewing the code as a group to get them to pass. Final code reviews are being performed by the team, with some new issues arising that will be added to Kanban. The Kanban board itself has an issue that doesn't let us assign one issue to multiple people, we have documented this on the board. 

## Nov 10, 2023
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón 

Process model has been completed, component architecture visual aid has been uploaded, performance reviews by the team have been written. Final code reviews are being performed by the team and final pull requests are being approved. 


## Nov 16, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón     
**Notes submitted on:** Nov 16, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Libin Joji    
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, (Fahimul Graffar), Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid 

Before we begin working on the new tasks, we need to organize the project's UI, since it is a bit cluttered. Arooz and Adrián are going to arrange the UI by Sunday evening. The changes they make will enhance the user experience and make the website look appealing, these changes will also be discussed among the team to make sure everyone agrees on it. Mamun will take care of the cloud database. The team has begun brainstorming different features to be added to the project. So far we have come up with this list:

**Contact Information - Banner**        
**User profiles**        
Anonimity           
Group reviews             
Commenting on reviews          
 -Up/down voting comments        
Edit reviews - display edited            
**Titles/Topics**          
**Display posting date**            

The first items that we will work on will be the User Profiles, Contact Information, Titles and displaying the posting date. For these tasks, Libin and Fahim will handle the User Profiles, Arooz will handle the Contact Information, Titles will be handled by Mamun, and Adrián will work on displaying the posting date of the reviews. Next week we will meet again to discuss our progress, resolve issues or concerns, and agree on what the future tasks should be. Final pull request deadline will be on December 3rd.


## Nov 20, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Arooz Singh    
**Notes submitted on:** Nov 20, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Fahimul Graffar   
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** (Adrián Alarcón), Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid 

The UI has been made more refined. Dark mode and Contact information banner have been implemented in the project by Arooz, it has been reviewed by the rest of the team members in the meeting. Fahim raised the need to add the feature to switch between dark mode and light mode depending on the user's need. Microservices architecture design was also discussed between the members.

## Nov 21, 2023             
**Recorded by:** Fahimul Graffar   
**Notes submitted on:** Nov 21, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Mamun Rashid   
**Venue:** Classroom     
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 1:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, (Libin Joji), (Arooz Singh), Mamun Rashid 

During this meeting, Mamun and Adrián worked on their parts of the project, collaborating when needed. The microservices architecture diagram is going to be constructed using Canva and will be handled by Adrián. For now, further understanding of microservices is required, so watching the posted video and doing some research will be necessary. The team will contribute with listing the microservices for each feature.


## Dec 8, 2023
**Recorded by:** Adrián Alarcón     
**Notes submitted on:** Dec 8, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Libin Joji 
**Venue:** QE II Library 
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 9:30am-11:00am                
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid 

New tasks have been assigned for the members. Mamun and Arooz are going to work on the hypotheticals file, Fahim is going to rework the component architecture design file and add more details to it, Adrian is going to handle the microservices document and Libin is redoing the process model document. We are going to include a file detailing how our code review process works, and we are also correcting the README file so it more accurately describes the setup tools. During this meeting, we discussed our feedback from Sprint 2 and decided to make some changes to our existing work, hence the reworking of various documents. It was clear that we weren't being elaborate enough, so we are expanding our previous work, making it more thorough. We discussed our assigned tasks as well and changed the roles a bit to optimize the division of labor.


## Dec 10, 2023
**Recorded by:** Libin Joji   
**Notes submitted on:** Dec 10, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Adrián Alarcón   
**Venue:** Online Meeting  
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 3:00pm-4:30pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid 

Focused primarily on the review of recently implemented features and overall code quality. Each team member presented their latest work, followed by a round of feedback and suggestions from the rest of the team. Major points discussed included:
- **User Profiles and Navigation Bar:** Libin presented his work on user profiles. The team suggested enhancements in the user interface and discussed potential performance issues with dynamic content loading.
- **Title Feature for Reviews:** Mamun's work on allowing users to add titles to their reviews was reviewed. The team agreed on its functionality but pointed out the need for better integration with the existing UI.
- **Session Management:** Fahim's session management feature was scrutinized for security and efficiency. The team suggested implementing additional security checks and testing for edge cases.
- **Dark Mode Toggle:** Arooz demonstrated the newly added dark mode toggle feature. The team appreciated the functionality but raised concerns about the consistency of the dark mode theme across different components.
- **Microservices Architecture:** Adrián shared the progress on documenting the microservices architecture. The team discussed the need for clearer delineation of services and their interactions.

The session concluded with an agreement to refine these features based on the feedback and to conduct another round of reviews in the next meeting.

## Dec 12, 2023
**Recorded by:** Mamun Rashid  
**Notes submitted on:** Dec 12, 2023   
**SCRUM master:** Arooz Singh  
**Venue:** Online  
**Source:** --  
**Time:** 12:00pm-1:50pm                 
**Attendance:** Adrián Alarcón, Fahimul Graffar, Libin Joji, Arooz Singh, Mamun Rashid 

Today's meeting was dedicated to finalizing the documentation and ensuring all code is up to the project's standards. Key points discussed:
- **Documentation Finalization:** Each member reviewed and updated their respective documentation sections. Special attention was given to ensuring that the project README is comprehensive and clear.
- **Code Quality Check:** The team conducted a thorough review of the codebase, focusing on adherence to coding standards, SOLID principles, and overall code quality.
- **Bug Fixes and Feature Enhancements:** Identified and assigned tasks for fixing known bugs and enhancing features based on the previous meeting's feedback.
- **Project Handover Preparation:** Discussed the strategy for the final handover of the project, ensuring all deliverables are complete and well-documented.
